[PLAT-2107] Secret key rotation docs (#733)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-25.2/enterprise/kubernetes.md

- Use a single-node cluster, as multi-node clusters are not supported

> - Use an instance with at least 6GB capacity ([C3][azure-cache-instances] or greater)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use an instance with at least 6 GB capacity ([C3][azure-cache-instances] or greater)
```

- Use a single-node cluster, as multi-node clusters are not supported

> - Use an instance with at least 6GB capacity ([M2][google-cache-instances] or greater)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use an instance with at least 6 GB capacity ([M2][google-cache-instances] or greater)
```
